Qín Ruò Yǔ
I’ll kill you
You wretched woman
Climbing up with your body
Three years ago
You founded Fù Shì
The first sum of money came from me
One year ago
Fù Shì was on the verge of bankruptcy
It was my designs
That helped Fù Shì go public successfully
President Fù
Between the two of us
Who’s the one climbing up with their body?
Enough
Don’t think that clinging to Young Master Qín
Means you can do whatever you want
Ruò Yǔ
I know after we broke up
You had a hard time
But you shouldn’t
Sell your body like this
I thought a genius designer
Was so great
Turns out
You’re just a #
Serving others with your looks
Who knows how many of her past designs
Were based on skill
Or on her body
Qín Ruò Yǔ
Admit defeat
You’ll never
Beat me